welcome back to YouTube it's me Naruto
173 - and today I'm gonna show you how
to make a lego dog house so to start off
the pieces that you'll be needing is a
flat 6 by 6 a flat 2 by 4 by 6 I should
say this angled you're gonna need three
types the first type one that covers a
2x2 need three those types so another
one that covers second type you'll need
one of these that covers a 2x4 alright
now the last type this is that the small
one that covers a 1 by 2 okay and then
this arch please oops a 2 by 6 this is
dome misshape dome or 1 by 2 to 1 by
sixes and 8 1 by fours 2 1 by 1 by 3 and
2 1 by 1's ready now start to build the
pieces that you're gonna need is that
the starter is this your 6 by 6
okay now we're gonna take your 1 by 6 is
place it on each side now you're gonna
take your 1 by 4 place it at the back
because we're gonna leave the front open
that's what a dog he's gonna go in and
come out okay now you take
get one by fours and place it up front
like that okay so we're gonna for the
front here we're gonna go up two levels
okay now you're gonna take your arch
piece and place it right there
okay that's your entrance now we go to
the back take your one by two place it
right there take your other one by two
another don't one by two place it right
there you place your other one by six
and our 1 by 4 right there so you
shouldn't look like that okay now you're
gonna take your 1 by 4 place it right
there another 1 by 4 place it right
there take you one by one place it right
there in between the arch and your 1 by
4 okay now you're gonna take your 1 by 4
another 1 by 4 put some right there now
another 1 by 4 and you're gonna take one
of your twos place them right there then
place your 3 right there absolutely
we're gonna place a 2 right there
that way we're gonna connect the back
that part won't be so flat II mean maybe
now you gotta take your 1 by 3 another 1
by 3 so there here's your inside lady
okay now you're gonna take your triangle
piece well this angle and then you're
gonna place it right there
see and then you're gonna take it
another just one bite
the first type and then you can go to
the other side take the rest of them and
fill it up no no no matter how you fill
it up longest one I mean I thought fill
it up place it on I just place it on
like that now you're gonna take your 1
by 6 2 by 6 I mean and place it like
that so there okay it down hold it all
together now place your 4 by 6 like bats
now to add a little more detail you
gotta take a dome shape and place it
right there and there you go there's
your very own dark house I was told
enough for a person not quite strong
enough for doggy and there you go oh and
so if you also have any like requests
for like future projects please let me
know in the comment box down below of
the video screen and sleeve like a
suggestion okay and I'll try to look for
word to reading it and see if I can do
it ok so thanks for watching and bye bye
for now